# July 2024

## 19th July 2024

<p style="color: blue;">Day - 1</p>
Day - 1

## 20th July 2024

### Day - 2

I have woke up at 08:00 am, and have solved some DSA and CP questions.
Now I don't know what to do. I am feeling very indecisive about what
to do. Perhaps I should watch one video of Dr. K.

Since today is a new day, and I am starting this kind of thing from
scratch, I don't really have anything important in my mind.
But I will make some kind of list nonetheless:

- [x] At 06:00 pm, go for some running
- [x] At 08:00 pm, set an alarm for Leetcode contest

I think this much is enough for now. I will make some other changes if needed.

# Day - 3

- Date: 22/06/2024

I haved learnt something new about my brain today

- everything my brain feels, it has been evolved to
  feel so
- the anxiety that I feel does also have a reason, rather than
  ignoring it or trying to avoid my emotion( i.e. anxiety in this case)
  maybe I should try to get under the reason of why am I feeling so
- anxiety I think is a **anticipation mechanism**, through which we
  try to foresee things, and how to make them better in the future
- everything can be made in proper manner, if we split the sitatution
  in suitable easier term to understand
- anytime we have anxious thoughts, our anxious thoughts are always
  about the future
- anything that hurts us physically or mentally, there is a possibillity that our mind can become anxious due to anticipation of that outcome in the future
- and the degree of influence of that hurt or anxiety would depend on the gap between the present circumstance and the future time
- also it depends on the degree of hurt or effect that thing which is missing or goes wrong in the future also affects us
## How to I normally try to deal with anxiety
- Whenever the feeling of anxiety decides to get worse, I try to escape from it from distracting my mind in the present
    1. Some of the ways are I try to watch a some low-effort and entertaining albeit distacting video on youtube many a times the content of the video is not that important to me, as much as keeping my mind away from the anxious thoughts are important
    2. Other times I think of going to other people talk useless shit with them
    3. And there are other ways perhaps I will elaborate about them in the future when I become more aware of the behavior



## Day - 3
- Date - 23/07/2024
Goals for today
- [ ] Read 1 chapter of Golang programming language book
- [ ] Read 1 hour on OOPS
- [ ] Read 1 hour on OS
- [ ] Read DSA theory 1 hour from GFG

## Day - 4
**Date - 30/07/2024**
//
Nothing is really changing, I am doing the same thing everyday with so sign of improvement.
I dont know how to get out of this loop. I started meditation some days ago, but for now
I have stopped practicing it. Who am I waiting for??
I am very very weak in problem solving, I strongly need practice, there are only two choices for
me, whether to be weak in problem solving, or be strong in it. 
I choose the latter.

Some






## Day 5
-  Date 08/08/2024

Human beings have a primal brain, whenever there is any difficult situation
they are facing there parasympathetic nervous system takes over. 
They start seeing things in black & white and they start thinking in black & white.

- Today's Complany Applications
1. DevOps Intern(https://jobs.bureau.id/?ashby_jid=fc951ad0-bdd1-4b36-b354-e3f8964aabda&utm_source=0v66G4vzkn)
  They are looking for a six-months internship in Banglore.
  Must prepare for this one seriously

## Day 6
- Date 20/08/2024
- Today's Company Applications
1. Software Engineer - node/Python
Hyderabad, Telangana (https://dhan.freshteam.com/jobs/_iz9XKgk3VFU/software-engineer-node-python?ft_source=1000108832&ft_medium=1000102594)
2. Your application was sent to Yext!

## Day 7 
This is a new begining for me,as I have stopped wasting time on youtube and I am going to try fully to 
control my other addictions, and I am going to practice meditation whenever I get some break.

### Problems Done
1. DFS shortest path problem( could've improved time complexity by using Dijsktra or Bellman Ford)
2. Maximum Difference (GFG POTD)(made used of monotonically increases stack from left and right hand side)
3. https://neetcode.io/problems/count-connected-components (I finally solved this question from scratch without looking)
4. 

  
