---
id: "4"
aliases: []
tags:
  - journal
---

# Week 1

2024-12-06
My attempt at keeping at consistent journal and list of things to do.
- I am trying to learn how to create a tcp server in c (//\:-:/ let's start with this for now)

2024-12-07
- Today I am working on developing a Game-Of-Life program with animation for terminal. (I have added the code in leetcode/python section)

2024-12-08
- I am thinking of implementing the boids algorithm in python.

# Week 2
2024-12-25

## Progress on implement git on my own
Things I have observed that git does
1. When installing for the time on our system it looks for user.name and user.email on a .gitconfig file of the ~/ space, this can be set up by  `git config user.name = <something> `

2024-12-27
Today I spent money on rapido of 27 rupees, 50 for toothpaste and toothbrush and 70 rupees for egg roll
I am regretting buying the egg roll, as I didn't like its taste too oily for me

2024-12-28
The time is 00:00 for now I am thinking of revisting the dp problems since I am significantly weak

2024-12-29
I am going to solve 10 problems today of DP, and also I am going to take the train on 30th Dakshin Express.
By solving a problem, I mean studying everything there is to know about these problems

 Problems:-
 1.[[Longest Valid Parentheses]]
 2.[[Min Cost Climbing Stairs]]
 I solved two more questions from GFG contest, I am going to count them too.
 Now I have to solve 10 - 4 = 6 more questions
5. [[Maximize The Cut Segments]] - DP Shit
6. [[Number of Ways to Form a Target String Given a Dictionary]]
7. [[Intersection of Two arrays with Duplicate Elements]]
8. [[Max Possible Bitwise AND]]

I am at a problem
1. I will reach Gwalior on 31st since I am going via train, it would take me a solid full Monday to reach Gwalior
2. I also want to apply for the scholarship so it could happen that I may have to stay for multiple days
3. But even if I don't stay for more days, if I try to come back on 1st in the evening, I would still be missing work on 31st, 1st and 2nd
4. But if I ask my boss for remote then I would be able to do my work remote for 1st, 2nd and 3rd
5. And then safely come back in the weeknd
6. Let's see I would have to talk to Akhil about this.

Anyways for now I still have 2 more questions for me to do and the time is 23:04

------

*2025-01-09*
So many things have happened its been 4 days since I came back from college.
I have busy doing  my job at the keus startup, things have ramped up there starting from january.
I am feeling a little bit mentally exhausted today, but nothing very difficult. I will take everything as a lesson, will enjoy the job that I am doing there.

**23:08**
Luckily I've managed to solve today's daily question of Leetcode and GFG easily. I don't know why I am zoning out so much.

I finding difficulty multi-tasking.


*2025-02-21*
So here's a idea I have thought of on how to make this obsidian setup more easier to access for me, 
1. install termux on android 
2. install git on termux
3. config user.name and user.email on termux
4. clone my repo ( I am thinking of adding a cron-job here to clone the, but I dont if I am gonna need this)
5. install obsidian and open the repo from there
now let's implement in practice
> [!note]
> the above approach was not working because android was not able to see the file storage 
> of termux, so even if I clone my repo 
> obsidian installed on android won't be able to work with it.

*2025-02-27*
My life is fucked, and that asshole Shreyas is here, to dance on my fucking grave
Oh the motherfucking stress he gives me,
this motherfucker makes my life a living hell.

